(GH-2311) Add LXD Transport (#2648)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/experimental_features.md

Bolt team attempts to make these changes painless by providing useful warnings
around breaking behavior where possible. 

## LXD Transport

> This feature was introduced in [Bolt 3.1.0](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#bolt-310-2021-3-01).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature was introduced in [Bolt 3.2.0](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#bolt-310-2021-3-08).
```

The LXD transport supports connecting to Linux containers on the local system. Similar to the Docker

> transport it accepts the name of the container as the URI, and connects to the container by shelling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
transport, The LXD transport accepts the name of the container as the URI, and
connects to the container by shelling
```

> out to the `lxc` command. Below is an example inventory for configuring connecting to a Linux
> container named `ubuntuone`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
out to the `lxc` command. The example inventory file below demonstrates connecting
to a Linux container target named `ubuntuone`.
```
